The cost function is not limited to the state.
We could also include the control input.
The reason we would do this is to allow us to
penalize the magnitude of the input as well as the change rate.
If we want to change lanes, for example,
we would have a large cross-tracker that would
want to penalize turning the wheel really sharply.
This would yield a smoother lane change.
We could add the control input magnitude like this.
We still need to capture the change rate of
the control input to add some temporal smoothness.
This additional term in the cost function captures the difference between
the next control input state and
the current one so we have further control over the inputs.